# System-Analysis-and-Design

For this project, I was responsible for designing a system that would help drivers improve their driving skills and ultimately reduce the number of driver failures. The system would allow customers to schedule appointments with drivers to develop their skills, recieve feedback on their driving lessons, and recieve the latest DMV updates. Working through this project, an area I felt I could revise some would be the Gantt chart I completed on the Business Requirements Document. Although it captures the major milestones and timelines I was provided for this scenario, I feel it could be a little more clear/easier to understand. For example, I could have added the specific dates onto each bar in the table rather than ball park drawing it on the schedule. That simple addition would make the Gantt chart even easier to read and understand the timelines that have been implemented. The user's needs have been at the forefront of driving this design. From the start, the user's ability to use this program from any device, anywhere that they have internet connection, with a simple dashboard to naviaget throughout and with customer service available to assist if they are unaware of how to navigate the dashboard; the user's needs have been heavily integrated into the design of the DriverPass system. It is essnetial that we designed this system with a focus on the users' needs because if we do not design a system around the users' needs, it could turn into a waste of time and money as it may not meet what the user needs and thus would not be used. When designing software, I try to sit down and think about the end goal first: what am I ultimately tryiing to achieve. I then think about the components that will make up that program and how I can minimize reduandacy within my program. I try to write my program as simple as possible while achieving all of the goals of my desired system. Prior to this assignment, I had not sat down to develop a system by creating various UML diagrams to depict various levels of my project. Rather I thought through my work and jotted down notes about what I would like to do achieve but not in a formalized manner such as a UML diagram thus this is something I wish to change about how I design a system going forward. 
